rec: document vm.max_map_count can be too low (#14300)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/performance.rst

The maximum number of simultaneous MTasker threads, called ``MThreads``, can be tuned via :ref:`setting-max-mthreads`, as the default value of 2048 might not be enough for large-scale installations.
This setting limits the number of mthreads *per physical (Posix) thread*.
The threads that create mthreads are the distributor and worker threads.

When a ``MThread`` is started, a new stack is dynamically allocated for it. The size of that stack can be configured via the :ref:`setting-stack-size` parameter, whose default value is 200 kB which should be enough in most cases.

To reduce the cost of allocating a new stack for every query, the recursor can cache a small amount of stacks to make sure that the allocation stays cheap. This can be configured via the :ref:`setting-stack-cache-size` setting.
This limit is per physical (Posix) thread.
The only trade-off of enabling this cache is a slightly increased memory consumption, at worst equals to the number of stacks specified by :ref:`setting-stack-cache-size` multiplied by the size of one stack, itself specified via :ref:`setting-stack-size`.

> Linux limits the number of memory mappings a process can allocate by the the ``vm.max_map_count`` kernel parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux limits the number of memory mappings a process can allocate by the ``vm.max_map_count`` kernel parameter.
```

A single ``MThead`` stack can take up to 3 memory mappings.

> Starting with version 4.9, it is advised to set ``sysctl vm.max_map_count`` to make sure that the :program:`Recursor` can allocate enough stacks under load; suggested value is at least ``4 * (threads + 2) * max-mthreads``.
> Some Linux distributions use the value of about one million, which should be enough for most configurations.
> Other distributions default to 64k, which can be too low.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 4.9, it is advised to check and if needed update the value of ``sysctl vm.max_map_count`` to make sure that the :program:`Recursor` can allocate enough stacks under load; suggested value is at least ``4 * (threads + 2) * max-mthreads``.
Some Linux distributions use a default value of about one million, which should be enough for most configurations.
Other distributions default to 64k, which can be too low for large setups.
```
